nesrpg
=======
*an attempt at a homebrew NES roleplaying game by Andrew Crowell <<overkill9999@gmail.com>>*



nesrpg is an attempt to make an RPG for the NES, for fun and masochism. It is written primarily in 6502 assembly. However, there are be segments automatically generated by external tools (particularly data segments like CHR ROM images and meta-tile map layouts, among other things). This is quite the undertaking, but I figure something crazy and restricted like this just might be fun to play around with.

I intend to target the [MMC3 mapper](http://wiki.nesdev.com/w/index.php/MMC3), so this gives me access to various kinds of funky bank switching, and scanline interrupts. I figure, if it's good enough for Mario 3, Kirby's Adventure, and others, it's good enough for me probably.

**Read the licensing terms if you wish to contribute to or derive from this project.**

Software License:
-----------------
The software which I have written is released under the terms of a permissive zlib license, which is described below. These terms may be revised.

**Note: All software that I have written, I release under the terms of the following license. However, artwork, music and scenarios are under different licensing terms (see Scenario License). Yes, any data that is scenario-related within the software, I release under a separate license.**

    Copyright (c) 2010 Andrew G. Crowell

    This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
    warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
    arising from the use of this software.

    Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
    including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
    freely, subject to the following restrictions:

    1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
    claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
    in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
    appreciated but is not required.

    2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
    misrepresented as being the original software.

    3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source
    distribution.
    
Scenario License:
-----------------
All scenario content, artwork, music is released under a *Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 license*, which you can (and should) [read about here](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/). These terms may be revised, depending on the wishes of other contributors. But this is how things are for now.
